HELLLLO
I'm syamu.
Today is off-kai.
Well, I am now at AEON CINEMA which is the place to have off-kai.
The time is now around 1 o'clock.
I delayed to come here a little.
I arrived at AEON CINEMA at 11 o'clock, and I am waiting members after I took a video about all around of there.
Well, I waited for about 2 hours,
NO ONE COME HERE.
Sadly, no one come here.
I thought at least one member to come.
Well, finally, no one is here even i waited 2 hours.
But, but I saw some comments in the notice video.
Well, no members, right? is not coming here.
I wanted to wait 1 hour more longer.
Today, I planned to have lunch with everyone.
And... dinner, I also wanted to have dinner with them.
So, I ate ONE PIECE OF BREAD today for breakfast. ONLY ONE PIECE OF BREAD TODAY!
So I wanted to wait 1 hour more longer.
Because I'm so hungry, so this off-kai is...
Sadly, I need to end it with this result.
I thought that no one would come even I waited more long...er.
Well, I thought no one may come.
So, so I came back in the car, and I'm recording now.
Are the informations not enough?
But, but I notice... noticed... noticed what everyone need including URL for AEON CINEMA.
I also wrote information about from Shin-Osaka to Tarui, but... what information is lacking for everyone?
あのねぇ…まイオンシネマで、独りでずうっと待ってたわけですよ…最初はちょっと…イオンシネマのフロアーロビーをうろちょろしてたんだけど
ちょっと足が…ちょしんどくなってきて、ずぅあれそれから
ずうっと椅子に座ってたけど…スゥゥ誰一人来ること無かったですねぇ…はい
スゥゥ一体何がダメだったんでしょうかねぇ〜
参加者ぁ…はいると思うんですけど、なぜ来なかったんでしょうかね
スゥゥ不思議ですねぇ…なんかぁプレゼント持っていくよーっていう人が居ったんだけど、それらしい…人も居らんかったし
ま女子２４人…で男ぉ4人、28人やろ？計
そのような団体さんも、全く…いる気配はなかったしぃ…
スゥ「女子１０人くらいで行きまーす」ってコメントもあったんやけど…
それらしい人も居らんかったしぃ…
なんだろう、今日８月11日だよね
オフ会ぃ…当日だよね？
スゥなんだろう
なんでこn…かんかったんかなぁ
なんで来なかったんやろなぁみんな…
あれ？もしかしてみんな、みんなー場所分かってたぁ？
いや俺がさぁ不安なのは、一番不安だったのは
コメントへんしでね、場所は分かりますかーっていうコメント返信したんだけど、全く返信なくて…ホンマに場所分かってんかいなぁていう不安…がいっぱいで、今日当日迎えたから
もしかしたら…場所分かってなかったかもしれないね、みんな
うーーん、なんでだろうねぇなんで来なかったんだろうか…
謎ですね…スゥゥゥぅぅ
ちょっとぉー…み、さすがに参加者０人はね、凹んでますねぇ…えぇ
そうですねぇー…次のオフ会はまた
そやななぁ夏休み明け、やろうかな
あのねぇ今夏休みやからイオン…シネマ多かったわぁ…人が
人でいっぱいやったわ…うん
スゥゥそやねぇー自分としてはぁリベンジしたいんだけどねぇ？
泉南イオン、場所は泉南イオンで
スゥゥゥぅぅぅ…なんだろう… ちょっ…と今夏休みやし
夏休み明けやろうかなぁ…９月頃、やろうかなぁ
今度は土日で、やろうかなぁと思ってますよ
スゥゥゥ…いや、あのー今度ね、今度ぉー…コラボジャパンさんの方で、ゲーム実況者イベントがあるんですよ…と、youtubeスペース東京で、でもしかしたら〜俺が呼ばれるかもしれな、しめ、しれないのでぇ…でーゲーム実況者の中にね
ファンとの交流会(ファントム交流会)っていうのがあるんですよ…それにみんな来てもらおうかなーと思って…はい
とりあえずー今回のオフ会、は残念ながら参加者０人！という形で終わりました…はい
スゥなんかねー相当ショックですねぇーなんで来なかったんだろうっていう思いがありますぅ
スゥゥゥぅぅ…はい、ま腹も減ってくるしは、腹も減ってくるしぃ、誰も来んしぃっていう、なんだろう…まちょっととにかく虚しかったし…独りで、ずうっと待ってん2時間ぐらい待っ…てたけどそれが虚しかったし
スゥゥなんで来なかったんだろうという思いと、ま情報が足りなかったかもしれへんし、今回は、それがそれもあるかもしれないね…はい
ま！ちょっと、なんでしょうかね〜泉南イオンにきたよーっていう人は、是非、えーコメントください
スゥゥゥもしかしたらすれ違いっていう可能性もあるかもしれへんしいや、あのまま待ってても、誰も来んかったかなぁと思いますし…
スゥゥまぁ自分はですね、オフ会やりたかったし、今回はこういう形で終わりましたけど、まぁ、これで、ま自分自身もオフ会やりたかったし、今回はこれでいいかなぁと納得しておりますぅ…
スゥゥもし！えー参加者様で、もし、泉南イオンのイオンシネマに来たよーっていう人は、是非コメントください
